   
	Eclipse

The interface is a lot cleaner and concise than Visual Studio and the languages that
are possible to use extend past the .Net Framework. Besides being the number on way to
develop Android applications via the Android SDK, it is fully extensible to use languages
such as Ruby, C, C++ and many many more.


	#develop

Free IDE for C#, VB.NET and Boo projects on Microsoft's .NET platform.
It was designed as a free and lightweight alternative to Microsoft Visual Studio, and
contains an equivalent feature for almost every essential Visual Studio Express feature,
including features for project management, code editing, application compiling and debugging.
To allow for easy project migration, SharpDevelop works natively with Visual Studio project
and code files. It is able to compile applications for .NET Framework version 2.0, 3.0, 3.5,
4.0 and the .NET Compact Framework 2.0 and 3.5


	MonoDevelop

Open source integrated development environment for Linux, OS X, and Windows. Its primary focus
is development of projects that use Mono and .NET frameworks. MonoDevelop integrates features
similar to those of NetBeans and Microsoft Visual Studio, such as automatic code completion,
source control, a graphical user interface (GUI) and Web designer.


	Code::Blocks

Open-source, cross-platform IDE. Using a plugin architecture, its capabilities and features
are defined by the provided plugins.


	Oracle Netbeans

Integrated development environment (IDE) for developing primarily with Java, but also with
other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5. It is also an application platform
framework for Java desktop applications and others.

The NetBeans IDE is written in Java and can run on Windows, OS X, Linux, Solaris and other
platforms supporting a compatible JVM.

The NetBeans Platform allows applications to be developed from a set of modular software
components called modules. Applications based on the NetBeans Platform (including the NetBeans
IDE itself) can be extended by third party developers