01.Java 
Java is a programming language, that derives much of its syntax from C and C++, however it has
fewer low-level facilities than either. Java is a general-purpose programming language that is
designed to have fewer implementation dependencies as compared to previous languages. C# is an
object oriented programming language. C# is a multi-paradigm programming language. C# is based
on the C programming language It even shares some syntactic conventions with C. However, a 
disadvantage of C# is that, as it was developed by Microsoft for use in its .NET framework, it
only works on Microsoft operating systems.


02.PHP
PHP was designed preliminary to be used in web development so that dynamic pages could be created
in better and effective ways. Under PHP license policies PHP is released as free software.
Its original name was Personal Home Page
PHP is a language itself which supports syntax of C and C++ whereas C# is one of the languages
which is supported by .NET framework which supports more than 60+ languages.
PHP can work with any kind of platform no matter whether it is Mac OS X, Windows , Unix, Linux or 
any other but C# can go with Microsoft Windows.
It is much easyer to learn and work with C# in compare to PHP


03.C++
C++ is a mid-level language and it was designed to be a low-level platform-neutral object-oriented 
programming language. 
C++ code usually compiles to assembly language. C# by contrast compiles to Intermediate language (IL),
The IL is subsequently converted to native executable code by a process of Just-In-Time compilation.

C# is designed to free from the task of doing memory management. It means in C# you don`t have to 
explicitly delete memory that was allocated dynamically on the heap, as you could in C++.
Rather, the garbage collector periodically cleans up memory that is no longer needed.


04.HTML
HTML is a tag language, which is used to describe the public part of the site. The language is quite 
simple and was firstly developed to present text information in the browser. Using HTML it is impossible 
to manage site content. User would have to work with a server directly using FTP-protocol to upload the 
pictures, download the pages and update the text in them.


05.Objective-C
Objective-C is a dynamic, object-oriented extension of C. It's designed to be easy to use and read,
while enabling sophisticated object-oriented design. It is the primary development language for new
applications on Mac OS X and the iPhone. 

